# landing-project
<p>08/31 - Created index.html and style.css</p>
<p>09/01 - Edited index.html to add what I believe is all the elements I need for this project.</p>
<p>09/02 - Edited both index.html to add and change a couple of classes, I believe I changed "left-words" to "left-text" and added "info-subtext" to the ul and li. Edited style.css to get the foundation (ex. all the big elements and classes has at least the back-ground and fount-size as well as font color set) of the website set before I go in to make it look better and more like the assignment "Landing-page" in the Odin Project. Footer is done after this section as it didn't have much to give specifications to.</p>
<p>09/04 - Edited index.html by adding in a div class "info-img" to the information section of the page. And added a div around all of the information section of the page. Edited style.css to add specifications to everything in the "div class 'header'" and "div class 'content'" to make it look more like the Odin Project assignment. I believe I also made the quote look as it is supposed to. Starting to work on the rest of the page now.</p>
<p>09/04 (again) - Didn't edit index.html anymore. Edited style.css to add specifications to everything in blue-box, box-text, big-text, small-text, and box-button. Also edited the buttons as a whole to make them look similar. Added border around box-button. I believe this looks pretty close to the assignment given on the Odin Project, and I will be turning it in shortly after I commit and push to Github.</p>
<p>09/04 Conclusion - I do believe I could have done a couple of things differently in terms of the css stylesheet to make it more simple on myself, but it'll do for now! Maybe I'll return to this another day and make it a more efficient code, and look better.</p>